# 3. Frame of magic

Magic is the way of altering the properties of the world using the praeter dimension. The praeter is first an instantaneous way of communication with other people that also allows to manipulate the minds. The praeter also allows to alter forces, light, electricity, temperature and other properties in the area surrounding the caster.

## Fundamentals
The following rules are all based on basic physic proprieties and they are indeed really obvious, but it is necessary to mention them since the frame of spells need to be defined.

Magic basically can't create or erase matter, thus it follows the principle that _nothing is lost, nothing is created, everything is transformed_. You can't turn off a source of light definitely by shaping the light. Instead, you will need to shape the forces or the temperature (I don't mention electicity thus I don't believe any electrical device exists in this world). A powerful light can start burning. The electricity you shape stills flow preferentially through electrical conductors.

A powerful temperature shaping could start a fire (preferentially on combustible matters) or extinguish it, but in general it will change the state of matter. Note also that a well calculated temperature shaping could provoke snowing.

## The fireball case
Lets imagine casting a fireball with this approach. First you would need some combustible matter, lets take a little wood stick. Then you will have to shape its _temperature_ to set it on fire and eventually shape the _forces_ to throw it.
