# The Treaty on Magic
The _Treaty on Magic_ is a series of books about magic divided in multiple volumes. There is no unique writer but the first volume was mainly achieved by the wizard Brynjar. If he was a wizard, he was first a scholar, collecting as much informations he could about magic and the way people see it in the world.

## Volume I: Generalities
> There is no school to learn magic, and there are no many wizards too. I think most of those seeking for power aren't patient enough to spend years learning the ways of the praeter. Becoming a wizard is also a lonely path for the most, and requires a great discipline too. [...] This is an hard exercice to feel the praeter in general. Even in places of power where the task is eased, you will have to be focused and trained to be able to feel it. We use to call the people who can't or never felt the praeter _uninitiated_. It is highly forbidden to give a great source of power like a gemstone to an uninitiated ; he may faint, in the best case.

> In our way of learning magic, the first step for the apprentice is to go in pilgrimage to a common magical place. There he must show patience, discipline and spirit opening to start feeling the praeter. This first step is usually hard and very shattering once reached. In the beginning, the time spent in the praeter is very tiring and long breaks are required between each trip. At this point of learning, we use to call the apprentice a _novice_. [...] As he reaches the status of novice, the real training begins. The shaping of the elements is first disorganized and exhausting. A long practice within a magical place is required to master it. A novice will commonly try to travel from places to places to master the different kind of magic, as you can't optimally perform any kind anywhere due to the environment.

> We use to call someone a wizard, if he can master one kind of magic. Most wizard specialize in one kind of magic, as it requires already a lot of work. [...] There is a small group of people we call _Archmages_. They have accumulated so much experience in the art of magic that they can enter the praeter in every single places of the world, without using any source of power. [...] I think there is no defined way to become an archmage. For example one went to hermitage while another practiced with gemstones. Anyway, the amonth of work to achieve this level of mastery is huge and isn't accessible for everyone. Maybe the archmages are also simply more talented than others for magic.

## Volume I: The Nendal's Folk
This part is about a people living in the Nendal. Its subjects are mainly their history, religion, vision of the magic and political system. As they see the praeter as the home of their gods, magic and religion are deeply bound in their beliefs.

This part was, as the volume I in general, mainly written by the scholar and wizard Brynjar. Note that he's not a member of the Nendal's folk and that most of the events he recounts happened decays before him.

> The people of Nendal were at the time ruled by the Southeners. It all begon with the birth of Arkas, whose father died fighting the oppressors. [...] When Arkas' mother died, he was fourteen. He was described as lunatic, troubled, and spent a lot of time alone into the wild. [...] He must have found a place of magic and began there to train himself. [...] He came back after a while and said he would watch over his people, free them from the tyranny. But these words came to the Southeners and his affinities with magic weren't enough to protect him. They punished him by snatching his eyes. That broke him and he retired for the rest of his life. Nobody saw him again.

> A decay after these events, a strange newborn came to life. He had a mark in his right eye, described as the image of a snake biting its own tail. This was the first knowned time in history where a person presented the mark. Let me light up this topic: this was the _Mark of Resurrection_. It actually means that the person inside the body used great powers to keep his soul in the praeter after his death, and came back in a newborn's body. We know that the beginning in the new body is very difficult because as you grow up, you get memories back from your past lives. This process approximatelly stop at the age of eleven.

> So the young boy grew up with every difficulties inherited from the ressurection. He also showed affinities to magic, although he never practice before. We actually think that these affinities could be inherited from the past lives. Arround the age of six, he started to understand his condition of ressurected, which was a difficult process since he was the first one and nobody knew about that at the time. So he started to declare it to his relatives and began to name himself Arkas. But obviously nobody believed him, thinking he just read some stories about this character.

> Years later, he was a powerful wizard and showed a great determination to free himself from the Southeners. He started a war  and first attacked the guards of small villages. Therewith, his fame grew and he brought together many warriors. Thanks to his amazing powers, the Southeners lost many battles and eventually decided the war wasn't worth it and fell back, abandoning their holds. Arkas self-proclaimed himself King. [..] Afterwards, some other people among the Nendal's folk reached the level to ressurect themselves. This practice is actually forbidden in our lands, thus we think the soul of the newborn must be sacrificed to let the other one come. They are similars to our archmages since they can't perform such magic without being able to enter the praeter in the direct way. However we use to call them _Witchers_ because of their occult practice.

> The people of Nendal actually believe that Arkas and the other witchers are gods that initially live in the praeter. They think that some of them decided to come on earth and, as they are gods, their soul can't die and they can come back as newborns as they please. What is actually funny is that most of their witchers believe they are gods, simply assuming that after many ressurections, they just forget their time in the praeter among the other gods. [...] The Nendal's folk also believe that those who can perform magic in a lesser way than their gods are just graciously gifted for their religious involvement. They call them _Priests_.

> At the time I'm writing this, this folk basically remains free thanks to their strong witchers, who seem to easily gain more power by ressurecting themselves. They are therefore revered and most of them are holding important functions in the gouvernment. Arkas is still the undisputable King and is even called _King of Gods_. When he reborns and is still in young age, a provisional council is formed to rule.

## Volume I: The Highlands' Folk
> There is also this pacific folk living in the Highlands. They assume that the contact with the praeter represent a way to their God. They actually believe that the spiritual awakening leads to the praeter, and that those who reached it are gracefully gifted with magic. Their beliefs mention that this gift comes with the mission to protect the weaks. Thus the wizards there are called _Monks_ and assume the function of divine guardians blessed by God to watch over the world.

> Unlike our wizards, who mostly act seperatly, their monks have built temples in the surrounding area of strong magical places and live there, secluded in hierarchized communities. We actually don't know their position about the practice of ressurection.
